---
layout: post
title:  "QSW 魁北克技术移民2015年85新政"
date:   2015-08-6 15:00:00
categories: qsw
---

QSW 魁省技术移民评分表2015.8.5更新，不再计算适应能力分，只显示初选分单身49，已婚57。

**<a href="http://bbs.fcgvisa.com/t/topic/6323/" target="blank">飞出国论坛提供</a>**：自8.5起，QSW 魁省审理初选资料有三种结果：

第一、直接获得CSQ, 应该适用于总分达到初选分，有法语成绩单的申请人，官看情况而定

>1. Selection based on the file: In some cases, an interview is not necessary and the application is processed solely on the basis of the applicant’s file. If you have attained the general passing scores of the selection grid, the interview may not be required. In this case, you will receive a Certificat de sélection du Québec (CSQ – Québec Selection Certificate) in the mail as well as information about Québec. You will be notified of the next steps in your immigration process.

第二、意向拒签，适用于没有达到初选分的申请人，可以60天内补充资料 

>2. Intent to refuse: You will receive a letter informing you that your application will be refused, unless you provide, within 60 days, documented proof to justify reviewing the decision. If the requested proof is received within the prescribed timeframe, the review of your application will continue. Failing that, your application will be refused without further notice. You then have the possibility to submit a request for an administrative review. 

第三、通知面试，应该适用于达到初选分，但是没有法语成绩单

>3. Notice to attend an interview: If the preliminary review of your application is positive, but a selection interview is required, you will receive a notice to attend an interview, specifying the date, time and place of the interview as well as the documents to bring with you. 
During this interview, the immigration counsellor will verify all the information provided in your application for a selection certificate, particularly the information on schooling, work experience and language knowledge.

参加面试后有下面三种结果 Following the interview, three results are possible:

1. 通过发CSQ-Approval: If the assessment is positive, the counsellor will inform you of the next steps to follow in your immigration process. If possible, the counsellor will immediately issue your Certificat de sélection du Québec (CSQ – Québec Selection Certificate). Otherwise it will be mailed to you. You will also receive a kit containing important information which you will be asked to read carefully. Depending on your needs, the counsellor may also give you other specific documents.

2. 拒签-Refusal: If the assessment reveals that you do not meet the selection criteria, an explanatory letter is given to you. You will then have the possibility to submit a request for an administrative review.

3. 意向拒签-Intent to refuse: If supporting documentation is missing, the counsellor will give you an explanatory notice of intent to refuse the application. You will then have 60 days to provide the proof requested. If you do not provide the necessary proof within this timeframe, your application will be refused without further notice. You will then have the possibility to submit a request for an administrative review.

更多说明请参考<a href="http://bbs.fcgvisa.com/t/topic/6323/" target="blank">飞出国论坛</a> 。